Update some pages, clarify things (#228)
hacks-guide/Guide-WiiU: docs/user-guide/aroma/getting-started.md

Aroma is an environment like Tiramisu, which can be booted through the Environment Loader.  
Aroma, just like Tiramisu, uses the same Mocha version, support for setup modules, and comes with the Autoboot Module, which includes the boot selector and Quick Start support.  

> Aroma comes with several additional features, including a plugin system and a new way of launching homebrews. There is also a bundled plugin that makes your console region free! No more manual region unlocking through a homebrew app.

Reviewer: Is there a need to mention that legacy CFWs needed a homebrew app for region patches? I would reword it to something like this:
```suggestion
Aroma comes with several additional features, including a plugin system, a new way of launching homebrews, and many built-in modules and plugins (i.e. Region Free patches).
```

Author: Fair enough

### What are the limitations?

Due to technical limitations, a lot of old homebrew applications will no longer work with Aroma.  
This includes all `.elf` homebrews, but also some `.rpx` homebrews(i.e. RetroArch), which don't implement necessary functionality properly.  
These homebrews need to be updated with support for Aroma. To run old homebrews you need to boot the Tiramisu environment.  
Launching homebrews through the now outdated Homebrew Launcher is no longer possible with Aroma.  

> Besides the limitations mentioned above, note that Aroma is still a beta release. Not everything has been tested yet, and additional issues might be discovered. This also doesn't necessarily mean beta = unstable. Aroma has been good enough to use for a while now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides the limitations mentioned above, note that Aroma is still a beta release. Not everything has been tested yet, and additional issues might be discovered. This doesn't necessarily mean Aroma is unstable, but there is a chance that you may experience something not working properly.
```
